Ask users to add node types to the sizing tool. (#8834)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/installation/sizing/index.md

    Defines the log volume in gigabytes, ie 1e+9 bytes, expected to be ingested each day.
    </span>
    <span v-else-if="help === 'node'">
    Defines the node type of the Kubernetes cluster. Is a vendor or type

>     missing? Feel free to add it to <code>pkg/sizing/node.go</code>.

Reviewer: Another option  
```suggestion
    If there is a vendor or type missing, please add it to <code>pkg/sizing/node.go</code>.
```
